---
layout: job
title: '[Full-time Internship] SUMMER 2023 ACCELERATOR COORDINATOR'
colour: 'bg-fdlred text-white'
---

### **Accelerator Coordinator (Summer 2023 Internship)** (Full-time, 35-40 hours a week, based in Berlin Germany)

###

**Company description**:

Founderland is a non-profit organization and the fastest growing community of women of colour founders across Europe, backed by Google.org. Our community includes 350+ women of colour founders building businesses in 20+ European countries. We bring founders, allies and investors together to close the funding gap for women of colour, who receive less than 0.5% of venture capital.

**Who we are looking for**:

Founderland is looking for a values-driven, vibrant, clever, creative and inclusively-minded Accelerator Coordinator to support with our Fall 2023 accelerator. This person is passionate about diversity in tech, women entrepreneurship, and leveling the playing field for women of colour founders across Europe.

As our Accelerator Coordinator, you’ll work alongside the team to coordinate and deliver Founderland’s next investor readiness virtual accelerator, planned for Fall 2023. You’ll interface directly with Founderland’s mentor, investor and partner network to coordinate speakers, make introductions and plan curriculum content. This is a multi-faceted role, including program development, content creation, relationship management.

_Please note, this is a full-time, summer internship based on school schedule. All Intern candidates who have graduated from high school must be enrolled in college. To be eligible for this position you must currently be a student pursuing an undergraduate degree from an accredited college or university._

**Your Profile & Responsibilities:**

- Native English speaker: Effective communication skills - both written and spoken (multilingual profiles preferred)
- Some experience/exposure to event planning and production preferred (bonus if you have recent experience producing virtual events and content)
- Interest in startup operations, venture capital, and / or program management
- Relationship management: establishing new connections and maintaining existing relationships with startup founders, investors, mentors and corporate partners
- Intrinsic motivation and passion for community and/or relationship building
- Experience working with (or an openness to learn) our team’s software stack: Slack, Google Suite, Typeform, Miro, Notion, Zoom, etc...
- Hands-on and entrepreneurial mindset
- Well-organized and structured in your daily work
- High social intelligence and empathy

**What you can expect:**

- The opportunity to actively influence the opportunity and funding gaps for women of colour entrepreneurs
- The freedom to develop your own ideas and to work independently on them
- Flexible working hours, mobile office and freedom for innovation
- Mission driven and purposeful work
- Regular team events and company events
- Diversity, equity and inclusion are the defining core values of our non-profit organization. Therefore, we explicitly encourage applications from people of all backgrounds.
