---
layout: job
title: '[Part-time] Winter 2023 Metcalf Internship'
colour: 'bg-fdlblue text-white'
---

### **Investor Relations & Community Management (Winter 2023 Metcalf Internship)** (Part-time, 10 hours a week)

**Company description**:

Founderland is a non-profit organization and the fastest growing community of women of colour founders across Europe, backed by Google.org. Our community includes 350+ women of colour founders building businesses in 20+ European countries. We bring founders, allies and investors together to close the funding gap for women of colour, who receive less than 0.5% of venture capital.

**Who we are looking for**:

Founderland is looking for a values-driven, vibrant, clever, creative and inclusively-minded IR and Community Management Coordinator to directly support our leadership team. This person is passionate about diversity in tech, women entrepreneurship, and leveling the playing field for women of colour founders across Europe.

As our IR and Community Management Coordinator, you'll interface directly with Founderland’s founder, investor and partner network to coordinate information, make introductions and distribute opportunities and relevant content. This is a multi-faceted role, including program development, content creation, relationship management.

_Please note, this is a part-time, winter internship based on school schedule. All Intern candidates who have graduated from high school must be enrolled in college. To be eligible for this position you must currently be a student pursuing an undergraduate degree from an accredited college or university._

**Your Profile & Responsibilities:**

- Native English speaker: Effective communication skills - both written and spoken (multilingual profiles preferred)
- Some experience/exposure to online research preferred (bonus if you have recent experience researching topics related to entrepreneurship, startups and accelerators)
- Interest in startup operations, venture capital, and / or program management
- Relationship management: establishing new connections and maintaining existing relationships with startup founders, investors and corporate partners
- Intrinsic motivation and passion for community and/or relationship building
- Experience working with (or an openness to learn) our team’s software stack: Slack, Google Suite, Typeform, Miro, Notion, Zoom, etc...
- Hands-on and entrepreneurial mindset
- Well-organized and structured in your daily work

**What you can expect:**

- The opportunity to actively influence the opportunity and funding gaps for women of colour entrepreneurs
- The freedom to develop your own ideas and to work independently on them
- Flexible working hours and freedom for innovation
- Mission driven and purposeful work
- Diversity, equity and inclusion are the defining core values of our non-profit organization. Therefore, we explicitly encourage applications from people of all backgrounds.
